It is a sad but very real truth that there is no future for relationships where spaghetti and chocolate milk does not play a major role.
As time passed the political climate changed greatly.  People started to completely forget about borderlines of sexuality, instead turning their attention to the differences between humans and unicorns.
giving myself enough room to center myself and then quickly transform into a handsome helicopter.
Unlike the last encounter, this cup of chocolate milk has a certain twinkle in his eye, a relaxed and suave nature that simply wasn’t there the first time around.  This universe is the same but different; a little more flirty, a little more exciting… a little more gay
Submissive   Believe it or not, some people want to have relationships made entirely out of getting yelled at and called mean names.  While this type of situation is not for everyone, it is not entirely uncommon in a community known as BDSM (Bigfeet and Dinosaurs Screaming Meanly).
and sitting next to me are both Jesus and Santa Clause, each of them incredibly ripped and shirtless.          Nice.
Oh my god.' I say, overwhelmed by the forest of dicks that surrounds me. 'I can’t believe how gay I really am...
I remember screaming.”  I say, a single tear rolling down my cheek.  “And then I remember Waldo opening his jaws and eating my friend, just swallowing him whole in one massive T-Rex bite.
I can feel his mountains and valleys, his rivers and forests, deserts and incredibly toned abs.
For some reason, I find myself looking away, slightly taken aback by the restaurants confident demeanor.
I’m gay,” Bumbleborn says. ​“Uh… what?” I stammer, a little confused. “That’s cool.” ​“I just wanted to say that clearly in this story instead of claiming years later it was there in the subtext the whole time,” the woolly mammoth continues. ​“That’s awesome,” I reply with a smile, only half following this conversation that’s clearly steeped in metamagic.
looking up at the gang in a belligerent state of cock drunk lust.
Just how rich are you?” I finally ask. ​“Pretty rich,” Snabe informs me. “I didn’t really earn it, though. I was written into incredible wealth by Chuck Tingle, the author. You can’t really just be a bad boy in books like this, you’ve gotta be a billionaire bad boy. It’s kinda toxic, actually.
With the time that I haven’t been working in the fields, I’ve been thinking a lot,” my father explains. “Thinking about you, about the office farm.”               “I’m going to be alright,” I tell him, “and the farm is going to be alright, too. There will be plenty off food for everyone back at work.
To be honest, however, I’m about ready to switch over to my favorite treat, Christmas blend coffee from Starbutts.
Two at a time?” I laugh. “Why not? Let’s make it a double shot, boys!
No, what the holidays are really about is who can get pounded in the butt by a cup that represents not just one holiday, but every holiday. It’s about having an open heart, and an open butt.
The size of this beast, however, is more than anything I had ever known possible. Based on the huge brown eye that hovers just above the waterline, reflecting back the light of the fire towards us, I would guess that this beast is at least twelve meters long, cheek to cheek.
I kiss Orion deeply, one last time. “Are you sure you don’t want to come in with me?” I ask.               “I don’t think it’s going to help your case,” the raptor replies. “I mean, some people just don’t understand that love is real. You’ve gotta put yourself in there position. They’re so used to everything working a certain way, women kissing men, men kissing men… not men kissing dinosaurs.
I want to protest but I know that he’s right. Even the most liberal of juries is going to have a hard time with this muscular dinosaur sitting there in the courtroom while I argue my case. It’s better if we part ways here.  
I’ll see you soon.” I tell him, my voice quaking. We both know that’s not going to happen, but we’re trying our best to pretend.               “I love you,” Orion says to me one last time.               “I love you, too” I assure him.
We kiss again and then I finally muster up the discipline to pull away and push out through the car’s door. I stand up on the sidewalk before the courthouse as flash bulbs burst with blinding luminescence. I shield my eyes, stunned for a moment as I struggle to collect my bearings. 
I’d fully expected to find the motorcycles standing before me, with those same obnoxious grins, but what I receive could not be any farther removed. ​There in the doorway is a tall, breathtakingly handsome dinosaur, shirtless and chiseled in all of his muscular glory.
In some extreme cases men experimenting as a submissive have been tickled for months, even years, because they forgot the safe word.  Be careful.   Dominant
The thing is, it looks exactly like him; tall with tan skin and broad shoulders, a little crooked to the right and a vast empire of agriculture throughout the middle. But if this is the case, and we actually are staring at the shirtless form of the hot and sexy state of California, then why is he here on the East Coast?
The dress is stunning, with a chiseled face and ripped abs across his blue and black front, and the confident manner of his float gives him a manly aggression.
I can feel my body morphing and changing, elongating itself rapidly into the shape of a public transportation vehicle.
Without hesitation, I open up and swallow the reptile politician deep, pushing down as far as I can onto the candidate’s presidential dick.
I’m California,” he says with a cool and calm tone.          “Plurk Borden,” I tell him.”
Thanks to many hours on the farm spent plowing and tilling, I am quite fit for a twenty-one-year-old boy with nice abs,
He explains that we are all creations of an author named Chuck Tingle who exist in a fictional world.  He explains that, depending on how many times the button has been pressed, having sex with a dinosaur could be seen as utterly absurd, which I find to be slightly offensive.             Long story short, Buck Trungle is crazy.
Double penetration is an expert move performed by three partners.  When this move is performed, two of the three lovers will insert themselves into a single butt simultaneously (or into nearby areas if a woman is involved).
I look down and suddenly realize that, I too, am hard.  After all of this effort, nothing was more arousing than losing my own sexual inhibitions.
Then it’s back to the fields right when I return,” I say.  “Those workers aren’t going to feed themselves back at Buttcorp.
and I immediately find myself alone with the living diner once more.
People use to think that the most dangerous game was hunting a person, now we’ve discovered that it is actually hunting a well-liked celebrity unicorn.
A nice reviewer named Decha Mahl says, “I’m real and waiting for your next erotic tale.
Trust me, I don’t love acting this way, either. I guess it’s just important to remember just because a fictional character is a jerk, it doesn’t mean the author is, too. Likewise, if a fictional character is sweet and awesome, their author could still be really awful and bigoted.
I reach down and pull off my shirt, revealing an incredible set of abs that can only be attained after years of strenuous dentistry.
I am a filthy little human.”  I repeat, coyly, then pull down the waistband of his space briefs and remove Orion’s enormous raptor rod.
The author has mercy on me with four simple words.               We continue fucking forever.
You should have known better than to test me. My people have been fucking for billions of years before you humans were even around.
overwhelming odds, an amateur office wizard and a small town Butt Cop taking on an entire devilman army.
You would teach me gayness… for free?”  I stammer, my voice trembling.
The longer that I dwell on the shape of the new cups, the harder it is to refrain from touching myself, to keep from reaching down between my legs and pumping my fist across my long, hard erection.
I don’t know about this,” I whisper, pressing up against one of the cups, “it feels so wrong.”          “It’s so right, though,” he tells me.          Suddenly, my homosexual attraction is just too much to bear. Overwhelmed with lust, I drop down to my knees between them and gaze up with an erotic fire in my eyes.          “Come on,” I beg, “I want you guys to show me what the holiday spirit is all about!
I have not committed a crime, and therefore my butt cannot be pounded.  This is the Unicorn Butt Cop way.
Do you like that?” I ask from down below. “Do you like the way that I beat those thick, gay, non-denominational holiday cocks?